create random data based
on the existing schema
in our table. So
I wanna be able
to click on a
table and have it
generate some additional random
data for us to
work with, all right?
So this is another
feature that you might
get requested from your
PM or something you
wanna build into your
product. And now you
can have your agents
do this and multiple
other features at scale
in parallel. We have
a more mid-level prompt
here. You can see
there's a lot more
detail. Feel free to
pause and understand what's
going on, but it's
as you would expect,
right? We want synthetic
data based on the
existing table patterns and
schemas. We want support